Add sighash types slides (#30)
cifunibas/Bitcoin-Blockchain-Cryptoassets: slides/sighash_types.tex

% Choose one to switch between slides and handout
\documentclass[]{beamer}
%\documentclass[handout]{beamer}

% Video Meta Data
\title{Bitcoin, Blockchain and Cryptoassets}

> \subtitle{Signature Hash Type}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\subtitle{Signature Hash Types}
```

\author{Prof. Dr. Fabian Schär}
\institute{University of Basel}

% Config File
\input{../config/config.tex}

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
\begin{document}

\thispagestyle{empty}
\begin{frame}[noframenumbering]
	\titlepage
\end{frame}

\begin{frame}{Signature}

> 	Network participants exchange signed transaction messages. Usually, they sign all inputs and outputs, but sometimes they may only want to protect some of them.\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Network participants exchange signed transaction messages.\\ \vspace{1em}
	
In most cases, they sign all in- and outputs. However, in some cases, there may be a need for a more flexible approach. As such, there is the option to only sign certain in- and outputs.\\
```
